(Yuma)
Last time on
Yu-Gi-Oh! Zexal.
(Vector)
There are seven
Mytherian Numbers
that are scattered across
the human world.
When we acquire them,
we can wield their power
and use them to crush Astral.
(Astral)
These are the ancient
ruins we seek, Yuma.
One of the seven Numbers we're
looking for must be inside.
(Nash)
Yuma and Astral must be looking
for the Mythyrian Numbers too.
(both)
That's not good.
(Rio)
Reginald.
You came across Nash
in the forest?
Yeah, he told us that he's
just visiting here on vacation.
Shark and Astral are
convinced it isn't true.
They think he's a Barian.
Is that a card?
That could be the Number
we're looking for.
I am Mach, the guardian charged
with protecting the Number.
It will never be yours, unless
you can vanquish me in a duel
and prove that you are truly
worthy of possessing it.
If you do not pass your test,
the Number will remain here
along with two of your
companions' souls.
♪♪
♪ Still together as one
cuz divided we're none ♪
♪ Ready to go
we feel the flow ♪
♪ So don't stand in our way
you know we ain't afraid ♪
♪ This is our time
we're in control ♪
♪ If I trip up today
you just wipe it away ♪
♪ All of my fears
are gone erased ♪
♪ Let us tear down the walls
'til the final night falls ♪
♪ The bonds of our souls
can't be replaced ♪
♪ Let us fight together ♪
♪ Regret it never
our dreams will be ♪
♪ Halfway to forever ♪
♪ Our light comes
shining through ♪
♪ Reach down deep
beat defeat ♪
♪ Do all that
we can do ♪
♪ Halfway to forever ♪
♪ We've got
nothing to lose ♪
♪ Keep breathing
believing ♪
♪ Halfway to forever ♪♪
(Yuma)
Go, Gagaga!
Attack that facedown card.
A way out.
It is just as the legends say.
The wise duelist
understands that the bond
between friends can open
up new paths.
They're safe.
For the moment.
However, I now Activate
Secret Sect Druid Wid's
special ability.
When destroyed, this monster
allows me to utilize
the spell Labyrinth
of Decisions.
But first, I send two cards
from my hand to the graveyard,
in order to activate the trap
card, Unfair Treaty.
(Astral)
Mach is up to something.
Here we go again.
(Nash)
If I could repair
my Baria Crystal,
I could use my power
to get out of here.
But it's impossible.
Hang on, Shark,
I'll save you guys.
All right, little fella.
Time to blow away some
of Mach's life points.
Gusting Gail!
With each move, you further seal
the fate of you
and your friends.
Labyrinth of Decisions
takes effect now.
This spell requires me to
surrender 600 life points,
but I can then send a card in
your hand to the graveyard.
I'm losing a card?
You will lose far more
than that, Yuma.
I activate Unfair Treaty.
With my card combo complete,
my life points are safe but
yours, I'm afraid, are not.
You must give up 600 life points
in addition to discarding
one card in your hand
to the graveyard.
Seriously?
His strategy
is remarkable.
You must discard
a card from your hand.
I know, here, happy?
(Astral)
I understand now.
Our actions in this
duel will determine
the fate of Shark and Nash.
This Number Guardian
is presenting you
with an agonizing dilemma.
Whenever we attack him,
a new escape route will
open for Shark and Nash.
It will?
(Astral)
However, we will
lose life points
when we attack due to
Mach's card combination.
If we attack,
we will be weakened,
but if we do not
we cannot save them.
(Mach)
Exactly.
Will you save your life
points or your friends?
Hey, is this supposed
to be a duel
or some kind of
multiple choice test?
I overlay my
two Level 4 monsters
in order to build
the Overlay Network.
I Xyz Summon Number 39:
Utopia!
With that, I'll end my turn.
Your Number looks
quite impressive.
However...
Looks can be deceiving.
I summon Secret Sect Druid Dru.
And Druid Dru also
lets me summon
another Druid from my graveyard.
Return here, Wid The Secret
Maneuvering Druid.
And now, the Number
I guard shall be revealed.
I overlay my two Level 4 Druids
in order to build
the Overlay Network.
I Xyz Summon Number 44:
Sky Pegasus!
Now arise my mighty steed.
Awake from your age-old sleep
and soar down to this world!
Display your full splendor and
might to these lowly creatures.
That is the Number we seek.
You will seek for it in vain
unless you pass this test.
I activate Sky Pegasus'
special ability.
Avail yourself of
one Overlay Unit
to unleash your mighty power.
Now rid the field of
Yuma's pathetic Number.
What?
Your Number is now doomed
unless you shield it
by sacrificing 500
of your life points.
Some choice you're givin' me.
Yuma, without Utopia,
it will be difficult
to save Shark.
Yeah, I know.
I can't afford to
lose Utopia right now,
so I choose to give up
my life points instead.
Bad choice because Sky Pegasus'
additional special
ability activates.
Whenever you give
up life points,
you also take an
equal amount of damage.
Oh, no, Yuma, Astral!
I can't afford to keep losing
my life points this way.
Whoever designed
this place must've
had a serious maze craze.
What's going on?
Reginald, hang on.
Yuma is trying to rescue you.
Oh yeah, how?
By beating the knight who
trapped you, that's how.
You mean the guy in
the goofy armor?
What happens if Yuma fails?
(Astral)
Then you will
never leave here.
The traps along your path are
connected to Yuma's duel.
Whenever we attack, a door
on your side will open.
But when we do attack,
we lose life points.
It is a most precarious
situation.
Even when they are separated,
true friends will find
a way to help each other.
Help each other...
Of course.
Shark, is there anything
at your current location
that might give us a clue
how to win this duel?
I'm not sure.
Let me look around.
(Astral)
Well, do you
see anything?
Yes... maybe.
There's a kind of mural
with ancient writing on it.
That must be it.
The test that we must pass
actually takes the form
of a complex puzzle.
I believe we were separated from
Shark and Nash for a reason.
The traps steered them to
a location containing clues
that can help us win this duel.
All right, Reginald,
read the mural and tell
us what it says.
I don't understand a word of it.
This mural tells the story
of a legendary hero
from an ancient past.
You mean, you can
actually read that?
It's all about a valiant knight.
Long ago, this knight bravely
defended his kingdom.
Riding an incredible
horse named Pegasus,
he and his fellow knights
defeated all the evil forces
that threatened the land.
In time, the whole
kingdom was at peace.
Then, one day, the knight
left the castle.
Longing to see his family,
he and Pegasus journeyed
to his home village.
But while he was gone,
some of his fellow knights
grew envious of their king.
They began to grumble
and say that they should
rule the land instead.
Soon, whispers of
rebellion and betrayal
could be heard echoing
through the castle.
The whole kingdom
was now in peril.
That's some fairy tale.
I do not understand.
What is the legend
supposed to tell us?
It stops there so I don't
know how the story ended.
Yuma, attack quick
or they'll get crushed.
I'm on it.
I draw!
Yuma, you must attack now!
We will lose more life points,
but until we come up with
a better strategy,
it is the only way
to save Shark and Nash.
(Yuma)
Right.
Get ready Utopia.
Take aim at Sky Pegasus.
In that case, I activate
my trap Intrigue Shield.
By equipping Pegasus
with this shield,
my noble steed is impervious
to any battle damage
and cannot be destroyed,
so my Number survives!
While you will grow even weaker.
Your attack activated
my card combination.
You will not only be robbed
of 600 life points,
but you must send yet
another card to the graveyard.
Fine.
Sky Pegasus, activate
your special ability.
Yuma just lost 600 life points.
Now deal him the same
amount of damage.
Yuma, no!
I'm done.
I'll put one card facedown
and end my turn.
Shark, does the mural resume
in the chamber where
you are now?
It does.
The story of the knight
and Pegasus continues.
When he learned of the
treachery of his companions,
the heroic knight rushed
back to the castle,
hoping to restore order.
He begged the other knights
to remember the oath
they had taken to uphold peace
and justice in the kingdom,
but they were too blinded
by their thirst for power.
The rebellious knights
turned their swords
against their former
friend and attacked him.
The heroic knight
remained loyal,
refusing to battle those
who had been his friends.
Without mercy,
the rebels continued
to attack him until he fell.
At that moment, all seemed lost
for the kingdom's
last true knight.
But the winged horse
Pegasus suddenly flew down
and landed between the rebels
and his master.
The horse was determined
to protect the knight,
no matter the consequences.
And? What
happened next?
Sorry, Yuma, I can't tell you.
Unfortunately, the rest of
the mural has crumbled away.
What, are you kidding?
(Nash)
This legend seems
so familiar to me.
But how could that be?
I have the strangest feeling.
As if I've been here before.
But that's impossible.
My turn, I draw!
And now, Sky Pegasus
uses one Overlay Unit
to eliminate your monster.
The only way to prevent
Utopia's destruction
is by giving up another
500 life points.
Either way will
lead to your defeat.
There's no way you can win if
you keep losing life points.
Forget about us.
With your lame dueling skills,
you need all the life
points you can get.
Make your decision.
You can save yourself
or save your friends.
Which will it be?
You must help us.
Sacrifice your life points.
That's the most cowardly
thing I ever heard.
Think what you want,
but I just remembered
the rest of the legend.
With the rebels focused
on attacking Pegasus,
the noble knight
could have run away.
But, instead, he remained
beside his faithful horse
and faced their adversaries
together and forever.
Don't you get it?
This legend is about
trusting in your friends
and always sticking with them
to the bitter end,
no matter what.
Please, Yuma trust me
and protect your Utopia.
Why should he trust you?
You could be a Barian.
Oh, Reginald.
You were right,
Shark, it's true.
I can feel my power returning.
So now all can be revealed.
As you can see,
I am indeed a Barian.
Dumon.
I knew you couldn't be trusted.
Yuma, I told you that
he was really a Barian.
This guy is actually Dumon.
Even so, he could be telling
the truth about the legend.
(Shark)
Don't make the same mistake
you did with Ray.
(Astral)
Well Yuma?
I don't... I don't know.
I will not interfere
in this choice, Yuma.
It is yours alone.
I have waited long enough,
you must choose now.
Sky Pegasus, strike down Utopia.
I've decided to protect Utopia
by giving up my life points.
No way!
As you know, that decision
will cost you dearly
as Sky Pegasus uses
its special ability
to deal you another
500 points of damage.
The guardian's test has
left us severely weakened.
But in our case,
that could be useful.
Yuma!
I warned you not
to listen to him!
I know, Shark.
You may be right,
but I gotta trust
my gut and I need
you to trust me!
Yuma...
I'm still playing to win, Mach.
Yuma, our weakness is now
our strength, attack him now!
Utopia, take down Sky Pegasus!
Rising Sun Slash!
I'll deflect your attack
with my trap Intrigue Shield.
Now once more, due to
my Labyrinth spell,
you must send
a card to the graveyard.
I know, and you're gonna
combo it with Unfair Treaty.
It will reduce Yuma's
life points to nothing
and that will be it.
The trap didn't work.
Mach's card combination
is useless right now.
Ordinarily, he would have
to pay 600 life points
to activate his spell
Labyrinth of Decisions.
But since Mach also used
his trap Unfair Treaty,
we had to pay those
life points instead.
Because of your choice
to protect Utopia,
you were severely weakened.
In fact, your life points
were lowered so much
that Mach's card combination
was effectively neutralized.
That is why you survived.
Our weakness has suddenly
become an advantage.
Now Mach is the one who must
pay all those life points.
We have the upper
hand over Mach now.
We can win this.
I agree, which is exactly why
I'm activating the card
I just sent to the graveyard,
the trap called Hyper Quick!
I get to draw one
card from my deck.
If the card turns out
to be a spell
then I can use it right away.
Everything depends on this draw.
No problem, Astral.
I'm feelin' the flow!
All right, perfect!
I activate Rank-Up-Magic
Numeron Force.
This card ranks up Utopia
into a Chaos Xyz Monster.
I rebuild the Overlay
Network with Utopia.
Go Chaos Xyz Evolution!
Appear, Chaos Number 39:
Utopia Ray Victory.
I activate Utopia Ray
Victory's special ability.
By using one Overlay Unit,
Utopia Ray Victory gains your
monster's attack points.
Victory Charge!
Now that you're powered to
the max, attack Sky Pegasus!
Rising Sun Double Victory Slash!
It's over.
You have passed the test.
Tell me, do you know how
the legend of Pegasus
and the knight finally ended?
Of course, after all,
I am Pegasus.
In the end, the rebels were
moved by the sacrifice
my master and I made.
They were filled with shame and
gave up their traitorous ways.
My master and I then took
leave of this earthly realm.
We were never seen again,
or so the legend claimed.
Ever since then,
I have had no other master.
But because of your belief
in your friends,
I place myself in your service.
Number 44.
You're a Barian.
So why did you help us?
I am not sure.
There was something
about that legend
that moved me deeply
and inspired me
to come to Yuma's aid.
(Yuma)
Dumon, thanks a lot.
If it wasn't for your help,
I know I would've
totally lost the duel.
No, my actions mattered little.
If I had not told you
about the legend,
you still would
have put your friends
above you own interests.
I am certain that we
will all meet again.
Do not expect my help at
our next encounter,
however, because we will
face each other as enemies.
(Yuma)
Astral, look.
It's a King's Coin.
What's a King's Coin?
Whenever my dad went
on an adventure
and explored a new place,
he'd always leave one
of these coins behind.
Meaning your father must
have visited these ruins.
That's right, he was here.
And I can sense he's somewhere
out there watching over me.
I've been thinking a lot
about our mission.
My dad always tried to
trust and befriend people
and the Barians know
I'm the same way.
They'll try to
use that against me.
But I wanna keep following
in Dad's footsteps
no matter what it takes.
So I'm gonna keep
trusting in others.
(Astral)
It is clear that
Yuma has decided
on the path he must travel.
I am still not sure I can
trust Yuma, however.
Someday soon, I may have
to take a different path.
♪♪